c:\users\juliosanchez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\bin\Debug\ListadoDeInternos.exe.config
c:\users\juliosanchez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\bin\Debug\ListadoDeInternos.exe
c:\users\juliosanchez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\bin\Debug\ListadoDeInternos.pdb
c:\users\juliosanchez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\obj\Debug\ListadoDeInternos.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\juliosanchez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\obj\Debug\ListadoDeInternos.frmVentanaPrincipal.resources
c:\users\juliosanchez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\obj\Debug\ListadoDeInternos.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\juliosanchez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\obj\Debug\ListadoDeInternos.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\juliosanchez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\obj\Debug\ListadoDeInternos.exe
c:\users\juliosanchez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\obj\Debug\ListadoDeInternos.pdb
c:\users\juliosanchez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\obj\Debug\ListadoDeInternos.frmListadoDeInterno.resources
c:\users\juliosanchez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\juliosanchez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.dll
c:\users\juliosanchez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\bin\Debug\MySql.Web.dll
C:\Users\juliosanchez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\juliosanchez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.dll
C:\Users\juliosanchez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\bin\Debug\Npgsql.pdb
C:\Users\juliosanchez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\juliosanchez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\bin\Debug\de\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\juliosanchez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\bin\Debug\es\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\juliosanchez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\bin\Debug\fi\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\juliosanchez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\bin\Debug\fr\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\juliosanchez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\bin\Debug\ja\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\juliosanchez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ListadoDeInternos\ListadoDeInternos\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Npgsql.resources.dll
